a"You wake up in a cold sweat, your heart pounding and your eyes acutely alert to the faintly blinking power light of your computer. Were you asleep? It must have been a nap-gone-wrong. You jump out of bed and flick on the lights rememboring an urgent task- (A) Log in to your computer (B) Make your bed [! This option will take a few minutes !]"b|c#
b"You wiggle the mouse and the screen blinks into existance- it's normally sharp light softened by various settings applied during previous late night experiences. (A) Check your email (B) Open the 'quick access' file explorer panel"d|e#
c"You turn back to your bed and get to work, 'leave no trace' you think, as you spread your blankets and fluff your pillow. between your matress and bedframe you spot your earbuds- you must have forgotten to take them out before you fell asleep. You pocket them. Now, with your affairs in order, you can get to what was bugging you. (A) Log in to your computer"b#
d"You open chrome and naviaget to your email page, unsure what you're looking for you browse the most recent emails. (A) Open an email titled 'g/cb/ucc Payroll' (B) Open an email titled 'Steam Summer Sale'"f|g#
e"You open the file explorer and skim the 'quick access panel', a collection of any recently downloaded or updated files. You see a file named C_u_0g and rememor that you had a deliverable due! You know it's a coding project- do you open it with (A) VSCode, or (B) Eclipse"h|i#
f"The email contains the hours you worked for the most recent pay period, not working too hard, but not too shabby either- nice work! (A) Open the email titled 'Steam Summer Sale' (B) Check your file explorer"g|e#
g"You click the tab and your window fills with fantastic information about the Steam Summer Sale! So many games you wanted (but not quite enough to buy them at full price) are now avaliable at a great price! You spend a few minutes checking out the deals ofore remembering that you had something urgent you needed to do! (A) Check the 'quick access' file explorer panel"e#
h"You open VSCode and pull the file in. The formatting isn't quite what you wanted, however you are comfortable in C language and rememor immediately what you were working on. You need to add implementation to your software to convert information from a database to a legible format displayed with the specifications of the user. (A) Get to work"j#
i"You double click Eclipse.exe, recognizing that building and testing your code in a C-friendly IDE will make working on this project a lot easier, however an error message pops up! Something you don't understand about JDK and JVM... (A) Open the file in VSCode instead (B) Troubleshoot online [! This option will take a few minutes !]"h|k#
j"You spend some time considering how you want the program to function, and drafting pseudocode in your mind. You spend an additional moment setting up a framework and testing it. (A) Populate the framework"o#
k"You open up chrome and your fingers hover over the search bar-- what should you look up? (A) 'Eclipse not opening IDE stackoverflow' (B) 'Eclipse JVM JVL issue ???'"l|m#
l"You scan and scour the results, but aren't able to find anything that looks helpful-- most of the results are from stackoverflow and are users troubleshooting problems within the IDE. (A) Cut your losses and open the file in VSCode"h#
m"Your search, by some remarkable luck, is picked up with the keywords Eclipse and JVM, directing you to a quick fix for your issue. You were not opening the file with a correctly specified directory-- something must have gotten messed up when you installed a driver update earlier. (A) Good job though"n#
n"You open Eclipse and see that your file is already loaded and the work you had ogun earlier is still saved in the file-- a framework for success. (A) write, and troubleshoot the issues along the way."o#
o"The software is not compiling-- you have an issue with your  function 'int process_response()' what should you try? (A) Add pointers to the function (B) Convert the function type from Int to Void"p|q#
p"Pointers remove the issue marker and after building, the function passes the test you gave it."r#
q"You convert the function type, recognizing that you are not returning an integer from it. Upon solving this problem, you realize that you also need to add pointers so that the values from earlier are correctly referenced and updated (A) Take on the challenge"r#
r"With that issue out of the way, you move on and find a problem while debugging: in your user input function, the console is not asking the user for input! (A) Implement fflush() in your program (B) Add the <std::string> library to your program"s|t#
s"You recognize that the issue is probably coming from a cluttered buffer, and decide to add a line of 'fflush(stdout)' inbetween your output and input statements. This works, and you feel really cool for recognizing the issue and problem solving- Like a boss (A) Nice work."u#
t"You add the standard header to your file for the strings library, only to realize a moment later that you aren't using any processes that require it. You decide to solve the problem in your code with a hard-coded solution that won't work for all inputs (A) leave a brief comment explaining the issue and reminding yourself to fix it in the future."u#
u"You realize you haven't checked the time-- you only have a few minutes left before this deliverable needs to be turned in! You Hurredly Save and Compile the program, Push it to the GIT, and draft an update email to your Boss."

[aa]"text"[aa]|[aa]#
